time for fairy tales
whoa cool
Oh
can I
once upon a time in a far-off land a
blight fell on the fuse of wheat and
starvation threatened the people a
woodcutter would come in search of wheat
for his family turns sadly away for the
long journey home the fields were
completely ruined it was a terrible
sight to see what's to become of us wife
how are we ever going to be able to feed
our dear little children we can there's
barely enough for the two of us has been
listen to me it is not my intention to
die of starvation we'll take them for a
walk in the forest make sure they don't
come back what unbelievable by water by
you even think such a thing no reason to
get upset dear of course I was only
joking I wouldn't do anything I'm I did
stepchildren although I will admit they
could show me a little more efficient
than they do on the soul of kindness to
have fun what Olympic stepmother be
about your business then and leave me to
do mine somehow I shall find food to
fill our stomachs and if I don't we'll
all starve together
where are we going stepmother we're on
our way to look for wild strawberries
and I want you to rats to help me so be
quiet let's rest here before we go on
with a job you quit whining I know those
strawberries are around here somewhere
and I'm going to go find them you wait
here very well stepmother we've been
decided in the forest yups the wild
animals will get us the building food
for them yes
we're saved saved by the silvery moon
look huh the road the road is sparkling
huh see I knew that we couldn't trust
her so I was ready I made a trail of
these rocks that I picked up in the
garden oh my father's going to be
worried hurry well well now that those
two rats are finally gone only us to
feed I don't understand this how in the
world did the two of you ever find your
way out of that forest I was so sick
with worry about you I wasn't able to
eat my meager suffer so did you bring
back any berries no we were too involved
in finding our way back home wherever so
sorry no as your punishment you won't
get any supper go to bed where's father
ma'am hmm he's going to be away for just
a little while
he's a family man I'll give him that he
went to visit a friend who might have
some flour for us your father could be
gone for a long while so it's going to
be just the three of us are you going to
sleep on me huh today you're going to go
and get the wild strawberries that you
didn't ring back yesterday but the
weather it's so very dry I don't think
we'll be able to find any strawberries
that is because you don't know how to
look for them now back into the woods
the both of you you'll probably need the
whole day or so slow this red has to
last you until we eat again now don't
drag your heels better get a move on
Hansel I'm warning you yes stay right
behind us you to look around here all go
up that way be sure to keep looking i
want that basket full yes ma'am we've
been led a lot further into the woods
than we were yesterday Gretel were you
able to bring anything today to show us
the way back home handful I'm marked
away with the loaf of bread that our
stepmother gave us Gretel you might just
as well eat the last piece it's a good
idea huh we will simply pick it up and
eat it as we go back home see
oh how they reek lever you are handful
yes you're right what are you doing you
thief Oh teach you the bread has gone
completely what do we do how will we
ever find our way back home we better
just head back and try our best come on
I'm so tired Big Sioux we're lost I'm
very hungry Nicole hmm good weather for
strawberries
I'm back early where are the children
the children when they went outside to
play and I have